{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red22\green21\blue22;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Analysis\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \strokec0 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec2 Growth vs Country\strokec0 \

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec2 The three bar graphs depicting the growth between the years 2022- 2023 and 2023- 2024 as well as the overall growth from 2022-2024 analyses the growth per country. From 2022 to 2023, China had the highest growth of $52.93 Billion with Estonia, Israel, and South Korea following. From 2023- 2024, the United States experienced an even larger growth of $100.10 Billion. The total growth from 2022 to 2024 shows the United States at $97.64 Billion, meaning from 2022 to\strokec0  \strokec2 2023, rather than a growth, there was a decline.\strokec0  \strokec2 The total valuations for all companies based in the top 10 countries are displayed on a line graph.\strokec0  \strokec2 The United States and China have significantly higher total valuations for 2022, 2023, and 2024. \strokec0  \strokec2 When those two countries are excluded from the data, we can see that the United Kingdom had the highest total valuation in 2022 but experienced a decline in growth in both 2023 and 2024. India also experienced a decline but their total valuations are higher than the United Kingdom for\strokec0  \strokec2 both 2023 and 2024. This line graph shows us the total valuation over the years for the top 10 countries and therefore can show that either the country had a growth or decline.The decline could indicate companies no longer having a valuation of over $1 Billion and therefore no longer a unicorn by 2024 or just a decline in their valuations. This could be from \strokec0 \
\strokec2 inflation, rise of competition, product failures, covid-19 impacts and more.\strokec0 \

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec2 Country vs Industry\strokec0 \

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec2 When comparing the country and the industry of the unicorn companies, the United States has a significant number of 397 companies in the top 5 leading industries. These include artificial intelligence, e-commerce & direct-to-customer, fintech, health, and internet software & services. Looking at the stacked bar chart, internet software & services and fintech are notably the highest industries. As opposed to e-commerce & direct-to-consumer and artificial intelligence for China. When removing the United States from the bar chart, we can see more clearly the distribution of the top 5 industries for the other companies. The United Kingdom has over 20 companies in fintech.\strokec0 \

\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec2 Most frequent Investors\strokec0 \

\f1\fs24 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf3 \strokec3 The dataframe shows a list of select investors for each unicorn company. There are 1152 unique 
\fs30 \cf0 \strokec0 i
\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf3 \strokec3 nvestors and a total of 1189 select investors. Accel, a global venture capital firm, has invested in\cf0 \strokec0  \cf3 \strokec3 62 unicorn companies, making them the most frequent investor. Accel is has offices worldwide including Palo Alto, California, London, Bangalore, the silicon valley of India, and Shanghai. The industries invested by Accel include mainly internet software & services and fintech but also\cf0 \strokec0  \cf3 \strokec3 cybersecurity, e-commerce, artificial intelligence, data management, health, and more. They have\cf0 \strokec0  \cf3 \strokec3 invested in over 300 companies worldwide, including our 62 unicorns.\cf0 \strokec0 \
}