{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red22\green21\blue22;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf0 \strokec3 Analysis\strokec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec0 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 Analysis: Average CAGR by Country\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 The chart displays the average compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of unicorn \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 startups by country over the past two years, covering the periods from 2022 to 2023 and\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 2023 to 2024. The colors indicate the volume of unicorn startups in each country. It is \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 important to note that 31 countries with unicorn startups had an average CAGR of 0% \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 and thus were excluded from this chart.\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 Lithuania surpasses other countries in CAGR with an average of 18.46%, double that of\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 Belgium, the next highest country. While Lithuania does not have as many resources or \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 people as others, its high average CAGR rate among unicorn startups may be because \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 of its global approach or focus on external markets, and because of its collaborative and\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 connected internal ecosystem. The Next Web considers it a "hidden gem of Europe's \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 startup ecosystem".\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 It is also noteworthy that the top three countries in terms of average CAGR - Lithuania, \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 Belgium, and Estonia -- are all European, with Lithuania and Estonia both located in the \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 Baltic region of Northern Europe. This could potentially signal a greater growth \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 trajectory in Europe in terms of the global startup ecosystem.\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 On the other hand, while United States and China lead in the number of unicorn \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 startups, the exhibit lower growth rates. The U.S. has 581 unicorn startups and China \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 has 149, compared to a mean of ~17 startups per country. However, the U.S. shows an \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 average CAGR of 2.39%, which is 12.95% of Lithuania's rate, and China lags even \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 further behind at 0.47%. This disparity may suggest that a larger volume of unicorn \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 startups may impede overall growth due to greater competition and market saturation. \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 This could also be because startups in smaller countries begin targeting external \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 markets from the start, whereas the U.S. and China have such vast internal markets to \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 capture first. However, it is important to remember that the U.S. and China still \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 outperform 36 countries that have both few startups and a 0% or negative CAGR.\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 Conversely, Brazil stands out with a more notable decline in startup growth. Though it's \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 average CAGR is only -1.82% and may seem minimal, only three countries have \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 startups with declining growth rates, which is significant when compared to the growth \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 or stability as seen in other countries. This could be a consequence of Brazil's political \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 instability, which is said to have decreased market confidence and discouraged \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 investors, according to the London Financial.\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 In summary, one potential takeaway from this chart is that while a country may have \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 fewer unicorn startups, their startups could have higher growth trajectories. This could \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 encourage investors to look to countries outside the U.S. and China, particularly \strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \strokec3 Lithuania, Belgium, Estonia, Singapore, and Turkey.\strokec0 \

\f0\fs24 \strokec3 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 Analysis: Map Visualizations\cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 These maps collectively highlight the global distribution and trends of unicorn startups. \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 This could provide valuable insights for investors interested in the startup landscape.\cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 It is clear that the United States and China dominate the startup ecosystem with the \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 largest share and number of unicorn startups. The U.S. contains 43.14% of the world's \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 unicorn startups, while China contains 12.34%.\cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 Countries with a larger volume of startups, including the U.S., China, and India, \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 demonstrate greater stability in terms of the growth and decline of unicorn startups. \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 Roughly 8.26% of U.S. startups are growing and 2.58% are declining; 2.68% of startups\cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 in China are growing while 0.67% are declining. 11.86% of startups in India are growing \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 and 8.47% are declining. Conversely, these numbers are much higher in countries with \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 smaller startup ecosystems. They tend to have either a higher percentage of growing \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 startups or a higher percentage of declining startups within their respective countries. \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 This suggests that countries with a smaller startup ecosystem experience greater \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 volatility and less stability. Infrastructure and political and economic conditions may \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 have a more pronounced impact on whether these countries experience high-growth or \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 high-risk opportunities.\cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 Additionally, when looking at the map displaying the location and size of the \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 top 10 and bottom 10 startups in terms of average CAGR, you can see that \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 all of the top 10 fastest-growing startups are all located within the United \cf0 \strokec0 \

\fs30 \

\fs29\fsmilli14608 \cf4 \strokec4 States.\cf0 \strokec0 \
}